[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Gohan's intense physical
training with Piccolo continued,
as the young warrior was pushed
to the edge of his limits
by Piccolo's punishing attacks.
Meanwhile--
Tien, Yamcha,
and the rest of the
Earth's fighters also
prepared for the
Saiyans' arrival,
honing their skills under the
watchful eye of Kami himself.
In Other World,
Goku continued to
master King Kai's special
Kaio Ken technique,
a skill enabling him
to multiply his strength
and speed in short bursts.
But will the efforts
of the Earth's fighters
be enough to save their world
from the coming Saiyan invasion?
The moment of truth
is at hand, today!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"Shenron Appears!
The Saiyans Arrive
Sooner Than Expected!"
[KING KAI]
Well, this is it...
The last day of
your training with me.
I wish we had another month
to hone your comedic skills,
but other than that...
I've taught you all
you'll need to
know to succeed.
Why don't we review
what you've learned...?
Just to be sure.
[KING KAI]
Bubbles, you're up first.
[BUBBLES chatters]
[GOKU chuckles softly]
Ready... Go!
[BUBBLES chatters]
Point eight seconds...!
You've broken the record!
[GOKU laughs]
Next...! Gregory!
[GREGORY] Right! Heh heh!
[GREGORY laughs]
And ready go...
[GREGORY] Wa-hoo!
[GREGORY]
See ya sucker...
One point two seconds?
[KING KAI]
That's unbelievable!
Cool...! Next?
Okay... next up...
What say we test your
skills with the Spirit Bomb!
Alright. Let's do it!
[GOKU grunts]
Hey...! How'm I doin'
so far, King Kai?
Mmm... very good...
Now get ready!
Try to track the super
speed of this brick...
Hold off until
it's out of sight.
[KING KAI bellows]
Super speed, go!
[GOKU yells]
[explosion]
That's the idea... yeah.
[KING KAI] Matter of fact,
that was pretty amazing...
I never would have believed
anyone could master the
Spirit Bomb technique
in such a short time.
Thanks, I've
been practicing.
Of course...
I explained this before...
but it's important for you
to remember how the
Spirit Bomb technique works.
[KING KAI] Only then
can you use it correctly.
Essentially, it pulls
a small sliver of energy
from the grass,
trees, people, animals;
every living thing on
the planet... even the air.
It pools that energy
and releases it
in one giant burst.
[GOKU] Yeah, it's a pretty
awesome technique alright.
Even here...
on a planet as small
as the one we're on...
you see what it's capable of.
[KING KAI] You can
only imagine how powerful
it will be on Earth,
which has so many more
life forms to draw from.
Not to mention the energy
you'll be able to
pull from the sun...
But you should be careful--
The raw power
of your Spirit Bomb
could easily become too much
for you to control alone...
One slip and you'll destroy
your home and all the friends
you're fighting to protect.
[KING KAI] For that
reason... promise me...
don't use it unless
you absolutely have to...
And even then,
just use it once...
Understand?
You're the boss...
Plus with everything
else you've taught me...
I probably won't
even need it!
I'm afraid we don't
have much time left to
put the final touches
on your training...
The Saiyans should
arrive on Earth
in around
twenty-four hours.
[yells]
What've I done?!
Whoa... Hey...
Done what?
[KING KAI]
Um... So... Uh...
Don't lose your head,
but I may have forgotten to
factor in how long it would
take you to get back home.
But... I thought you were gonna
send me back home... right...?!
Can't you just teleport
me there or something?
[KING KAI grunts nervously]
Y'mean...
I've gotta take Snake
Way all the way back...?
It took me six
months to get here!
I can't make it by tomorrow!
[KING KAI] No...
but you're faster now,
and it won't
take you as long...
Maybe two days at most,
and I'll have Kami
meet you at the end to take
you the rest of the way.
No...! I don't
have two days!
They're almost
there now...!
Everybody's gonna die!
Quit being such a baby...!
I messed up. Don't you think
I feel bad enough already?
Huh?
Now... It's important we get
in touch with your friends
back on Earth...
and fast...!
Tell them to bring you
back to life immediately!
How...? I know you
don't have a phone...
unless I missed it...
There's no phone!
Now listen carefully...!
You're going to put
your hand on my back...
think as hard
as you can...
and your friends
should hear you.
Really...?
Yes...
Here...?
[KING KAI] That's fine.
Now hurry and think!
[GOKU]
Hey, Master Roshi!
It's me, Goku!
If you can hear me,
say something, okay?
Please...!
Are you there, old timer?
You've been a naughty
girl, haven't you?
[GOKU] Master Roshi!
Master Roshi!
[MASTER ROSHI] Eh, eh?
Goku...? Is that you...?
Where are you?
[GOKU] Hey, it's him!
He can really hear me!
I'm here with King Kai.
Kami sent me to him--
he's who I've been training
with for the past six months.
He's helping me talk
to you with my thoughts
'cause I'm still
here in Other World.
Oh... Okay...
[GOKU] How's it going
with the Dragon Balls...?
Have you guys
found all seven yet?
We sure have...!
Had them for a while now...
We didn't rest
until we had them all,
in case you were
ready to come back early.
[GOKU] That's great news!
Okay, I need you
to do me a favor:
use the Dragon Balls
to summon Shenron
and wish me back to life
as soon as you can, okay?
[GOKU] The Saiyans are
close and moving fast.
They'll be there tomorrow!
[MASTER ROSHI stammers]
[MASTER ROSHI]
Tomorrow?! Impossible!
They can't be here tomorrow!
It hasn't been a year yet!
They're not supposed to
get here for another month!
[GOKU] Looks like
things have changed.
Now listen, I don't
have time to explain,
but I'm gonna
be a little late.
Just stall as long
as you can, okay?
Not so hard, Goku!
You're suffocating me!
Oh...! Sorry about that!
We can bring you
back right away.
You say you've
been training...?
That's great!
[MASTER ROSHI] We've all
been working hard, too.
So how's it going?
You think you're ready
to take on the Saiyans?
[GOKU] Uh huh...
Absolutely!
[MASTER ROSHI]
Oh, what a relief!
Hearing that makes me feel
a good ten pounds lighter!
Uh-oh...
You think he's okay...?
It's not a good sign
when old people start
talking to themselves
in the bathroom.
That's weird,
even for him.
[toilet flushes]
Listen up...!
Get the Dragon
Balls ready to go!
We don't have much time!
That was neat...!
Thanks, King Kai...!
I can't believe I
got through to him!
[KING KAI giggles]
Easy as pie!
I get to be
alive again!
That's right... Now, while
we wait for your friends
to get those
Dragon-thingies ready...
let's do
something about that
raggedy training
outfit of yours.
Whaddya say?
Really?
Watch!
[KAI KAI giggles]
[KING KAI] Ding!
Hey...! Thanks...!
It's really light!
[KING KAI] I thought you
might appreciate that...
But it's not just light,
it's made of incredibly
strong fabric...
It can even repel
minor attacks...
[KING KAI] Wash it in cold...
[GOKU] Thank you, King Kai!
You're the greatest!
And the turtle mark...!
You put it right
where it was before...!
Man...! I was worried
you were gonna stick me in
some silly getup like yours!
But I won't be embarrassed
to be seen in this!
You're welcome.
Anyway!
[GOKU] I hope they wish
me back to life soon!
[GOKU chuckles]
[chuckles]
I think you'll agree that
the mark on the back
gives it an extra
touch of pizzaz!
Yeah!
[PICCOLO bellows]
Stand your ground...!
You have to counterattack...!
Don't just evade!
[GOHAN] Fine!
[PICCOLO]
Are you alright?
I may have gotten a
little carried away there.
You're not gonna
die on me, are you?
No fair... You promised you
wouldn't use your
eye beams thing.
And what if I did...?
You can never trust your
enemy, especially in a fight!
Yeah...? Well...
But you're not the enemy.
Now...! Shenron...
Come forth...
[MASTER ROSHI quavers]
[distant thunder]
It got so dark...!
It's still the middle
of the afternoon!
Hands off, creep!
This... never gets...
any easier!
[SHENRON roars]
You who have gathered
the seven Dragon Balls...
Speak your wish, now.
Okay... so... What if...
we wished for Shenron
to destroy the Saiyans
before they even got here...?
That way we wouldn't
have to even fight 'em!
What kind of stupid
idea is that...?
What about Goku? You
want him to just stay dead?!
No...! That's not what I meant!
I figured it'd be easier.
Besides, we can always
bring Goku back
next time, right?
You have requested
an impossible wish.
I was created by the
Guardian of Earth, Kami.
I cannot grant a wish
that exceeds his power.
Well, in that case,
forget about the Saiyans
and just bring Goku back.
Very well, Old One.
It shall be done.
[SHENRON roars]
[PICCOLO] It would
seem Goku's resurrection
is under way.
[PICCOLO] But that can
only mean one thing...
The Saiyans will reach the
Earth sooner than we expected!
Huh?
Oh yes...! Your halo
has disappeared...!
That means you're alive!
--[GOKU] Woohoo!
--[KING KAI laughs]
[KING KAI] There's
no time to lose!
Right!
Remember...
The Saiyans are as evil
as they are powerful!
Don't underestimate them!
You can't let your guard down,
not even for a second!
And try not to
end up back here!
Next time it's forever!
I'll do my best...
Thanks, Gregory...
I know the Dragon Balls can't
bring me back to life twice...
so... I guess I'm just
gonna have to win!
Thanks again for everything
you've done for me, King Kai...
I'll visit
next time I'm dead...
I hope it's not
for a while, though!
Bubbles... Gregory.
[GOKU] So long guys!
--[GREGORY] Ba-bye.
--[BUBBLES chatters]
[GOKU] Ya-hoo!
[GOKU laughs]
I wouldn't have believed
someone with his
level of strength existed...
or that someone could
have such a pure heart
if I hadn't seen
it with my own eyes...
We're not likely to run
into anyone like him again.
Goku's even stronger
than you now, isn't he?
[KING KAI clears throat] No...
Stronger or not,
he'll never be able to
compete with my comedy.
I mean, did you
hear those jokes of his?
Do they even hold
a candle to mine?
[BUBBLES claps and chatters]
[KING KAI]
Oh, shut up, Bubbles...
Just shut up.
[GOKU chuckles and hollers]
I still can't believe how
light these clothes are!
This is awesome!
I feel like I'm really having
to concentrate just to
keep from floating
off into space!
Woohoo...!
[GOKU] Wait a sec!
[GOKU] This is no
time to be goofing off...
I've got to hurry!
[NARRATOR] Even as
Goku began his return
along the
million-mile Snake Way,
elsewhere, the Saiyans'
year-long journey
across the galaxy
was nearing its end.
And the following day--
at 11:43 a.m.--
terror... descended
upon the Earth.
Dad...? I'm hungry.
Oh, I guess it is
about time for lunch...
[distant sonic sound]
[screams]
[screaming]
Whoa...!
What was that?
Walter... I'm scared!
[BUSINESSMAN]
Did--Did you see that?
[DRIVER]
I don't believe it!
It just fell right
out of the sky!
[DRIVER] What in
the heck is that thing?
[BUSINESSMAN]
How am I supposed to know?
It came out of nowhere!
Should we call someone?
[WOMAN] There's
one over here, too!
Is that a man?
[nervous outcry]
It sure is...
And he looks pretty mean!
[MAN] Look out!
Please...!
Someone get help!
This is bad!
Well... it seems
the Saiyans are here.
And they're stronger than
we are... aren't they?
Tien... I'm scared!
Dammit...
They aren't supposed
to be here yet!
They're a month early!
[GOKU] The Saiyans ought to
be getting there about now.
I've got to hurry!
[GOKU]
Hold on, guys...!
I'm coming!
[CROWD gasps]
[NARRATOR] At long last,
the day of reckoning has come!
The Saiyans have arrived...!
The fight for the
survival of Earth begins--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey, it's me, Goku!
What in the heck are those
weird-looking little things?
[GOHAN]
They're called "Saibamen."
I think they're
kinda like plants.
But they sure
don't look very friendly.
[PICCOLO] I hate to
interrupt daddy-son time,
but we have work to do!
Come on, Gohan,
back to your training!
You have to be
ready for anything!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
"Yamcha's Struggle!
The Terrible Saibamen!"
[GOHAN]
Careful, Yamcha!
Those things are mean!